# Dynamo

姓名：程可

学号：518021910095



### 1. Dynamo provides application with eventually consistency, can you explain why the system designers choose this consistency level?(From the application requirements and system assumptions)

​	Because the applications of Dynamo (such as shopping cart service or session management) require eventually consistency. For example, a customer adds a goods to his shopping cart and add another goods to his shopping cart at another time, and he will find it surprising that next time he views his shopping cart he only finds one goods or even no goods. So the eventually consistency must be achieved for the customers' experience. And in terms of system assumptions, every time a client sends a set request to the coordinator server and receives a OK response, it will assume that the set item will be stored permernantly in the database and next time it sends a get request it will get its latest set version. So Dynamo must ensure that all updates reach all replicas eventually.



### 2. What's the tradeoff of Dynamo(CAP theorem)?

​	CAP theorem means that in any distributed system, only two attributes in Consistency, Availability and Partition tolerance can be achieved at the same time. In terms of Dynamo, it uses replicas and distributed datacenter to prevent users' data from losing when failure happens and it tradeoffs consistency for availability especially write availability, but it will eventually reach consistency.



### 3. Why dynamo uses virtual nodes for data partition?

​	First, the random position assignment of each physical node on the ring leads to non-uniform data and load distribution. Second, there may be some physical nodes with higher capacity than average while some physical nodes with lower capacity than average, so randomly assigning physical nodes on the ring may seem "unfair". As a result, virtual nodes are introduced for 3 advantages: First, if one physical node becomes unavailable, the virtual nodes on this physical node can be evenly dispersed across the remaining physical nodes; Second, when a new physical node is added to the system, it can accept a roughly equivalent amount of load from each of the other available physical nodes; Third, the number of virtual nodes that a physical node is responsible for can be decided on its capacity.



### 4. How can deleted items resurface in a shopping cart? (introduced in Section 4.4)

​	Because when version branching happens, the system cannot reconcile the multiple versions of an object and the reconciliation must be done by the client to collapse multiple branches back into one. And when doing the reconciliation, the client may think the deleted items are newly added items in one branch and may readd these items into the result branch, and thus these deleted items resurface in the user's shopping cart.



### 5. How does vector clock maintain causality for R/W on data?

​	A vector clock is effectively a list of (node, counter) pairs. One vector clock is associated with every version of every object. Nodes or clients can determine whether two versions of an object are on parallel branches or have a causal ordering by examining their vector clocks. If the counters on the first object’s clock are less-than-or-equal to all of the nodes in the second clock, then the first is an ancestor of the second and can be forgotten. Otherwise, the two changes are considered to be in conflict and require reconciliation. And the reconciliation of parallel branches must be performed by clients because clients have the semantic context and are able to do the semantic reconciliation. After reconciliation, the client will ask one coordinator to write the reconciled version to update the coordinator's sequence number in the vector clock of the reconciled item.



### 6. What's a gossip-based protocol?